Anti-Dandruff Shampoo with Ichthammol & Aloevera | Paraben Free
Made with anti-fungal ingredients to manage dandruff of all types

MRP: 300 Rs

Fights dandruff and reduces irritation with Anti-dandruff Solution 2% - Traya Health
Made with clinically proven antifungal and soothing ingredients like aloe vera. This medicinal anti-dandruff shampoo gets rid of mild, flaky and heavy dandruff. It also prevents the recurrence of dandruff and improves scalp health
One of a kind Anti-Dandruff shampoo that reduces the occurrence of dandruff overtime. This shampoo contains 2% of clinically tested anti- fungal solution that provides relief from all kinds of dandruff and can treat mild to moderate dandruff very easily.
benefit

Gets rid of dandruff-causing fungus:
This Anti-Dandruff solution is an antifungal medicine and modern dandruff treatment with proven results. Traya's anti-dandruff shampoo helps eliminate Malassezia furfur which causes dandruff. This power packed Anti-Dandruff shampoo helps improve your scalp health and reduces hair fall with the help of aloe vera.

Prevents Dandruff from coming back:
Medicated anti-dandruff shampoo helps prevent inflammation and soothes the scalp to ensure that dandruff doesn’t come back. This paraben free shampoo is useful for hair loss treatment due to its scalp exfoliation properties.

The aloe vera in the anti-dandruff shampoo contains fatty acids that have anti-inflammatory properties which keep your scalp in good health making it the best shampoo for itchy scalp. Enriched with aloevera, this anti-dandruff shampoo allows your hair follicles to stay strong and leads to hair fall control.

The benefit of adding aloevera to the anti-dandruff shampoo is that aloevera is rich in proteolytic enzymes that are responsible for healing. Traya's anti-dandruf shampoo repairs damaged cells in your scalp, thereby promoting hair growth. Anti-fungal medications in the this anti-dandruff shampoo prevent inflammation and ensure your scalp is healthy and free from irritation.